
Morgan Schoermer
contact@parcasport.com

￼ 

Begin forwarded message:
From: reception@drjolynmckenzie.com.au <no_reply@genie-platform-production.com>
Subject: Patient letter regarding Mr Morgan SCHOERMER
Date: 26 February 2026 at 3:20:18 pm AEST
To: contact@parcasport.com
Reply-To: reception@drjolynmckenzie.com.au

Attn: Mr Morgan SCHOERMER 
You have been sent a letter from Dr Jo-Lyn McKenzie at The Practice of Dr Jo-Lyn McKenzie.
View your letter
Please note that this letter will be available for download for 30 days from the date you received this email. 
Having trouble accessing your letter via the button above? Try this URL instead: https://gentu.io/signed_urls/74bcd727-ceca-48e9-9725-0bad964d6145?fingerprint=f6075b2a11f03b4791757b4eb6f852216f7dbf8313ab854dc60ea541f4cb4e98 
If you need further assistance, please contact us at 07 3053 3833.
 
Kind Regards,

Dr Jo-Lyn McKenzie

Dear Morgan, Thank you for booking your initial consultation with Dr Jo-Lyn McKenzie on 17/04/2026 at 11:10AM. Please read this letter carefully as it contains important details about your visit to our practice. Your Appointment Location: One Health (formerly Next Practice Albion) Level 1, Albion Central 6 Crosby Road Albion QLD 4010 (Free parking is available on-site, though the carpark can get busy. Please allow extra time for this.) Preparing For Your Appointment: New Patient Registration: Please ensure your new patient registration forms are completed at least 3 days before your appointment. These forms have been sent to you in a separate email via DocHub and will be automatically returned to us once completed. Completing these forms in advance is essential for your appointment to proceed as scheduled. If they are not received by the deadline, your appointment will be rescheduled. If you’re having trouble completing the forms electronically, please contact our office as soon as possible for assistance. Relevant Medical History: Dr McKenzie kindly requests that any relevant medical history be shared with our clinic before your appointment.This may include audiology reports (hearing tests), imaging results, and letters or reports from other specialists—particularly ENT, as well as any treating speech pathologists, occupational therapists, dentists, or orthodontists. If you're unsure what documents are relevant or need help arranging them, please don’t hesitate to contact our office. Fees & Payment: The fee for the initial consultation is $290.00, and payment is required at the time of your appointment. A Medicare rebate will be processed electronically following your appointment. In some cases, a prepayment may be required, and an invoice will be emailed with payment details if needed. If you do not receive an invoice, payment can be made via EFTPOS at the time of your consultation. We do not accept cash, cheques, or money orders, and we do not offer discounts. Procedures & Investigations: Depending on your ENT concerns, you may need a minor diagnostic procedure or investigation during your consultation. These will incur additional costs, which Dr. McKenzie will discuss with you beforehand. You will only proceed if you are comfortable. Possible additional charges include: • Ear Toilet: $160 • Nasendoscopy: $185 • Skin/Mucosal/Biopsy or Cautery of Nose: $250 Medicare rebates are available for these procedures. Veteran Affairs, WorkCover & Third Parties: Please note that Dr. McKenzie is not a DVA provider. You are welcome to attend as a private patient. For WorkCover or third-party claims, please ensure your case manager contacts us with your case ID before your appointment. If we do not receive this information, payment will be required upfront, and you may arrange reimbursement directly with your case manager. Appointment Confirmation & Cancellation: You will receive an SMS reminder to confirm your attendance 72 hours before your appointment. Please reply to this SMS with a Y to confirm or a N to cancel. If we do not receive a response, your appointment will be cancelled and reallocated to our waiting list. If you need to cancel your appointment, please notify us as soon as possible. Cancellations on the day (except in cases of extenuating circumstances) will require prepayment to reschedule your appointment. Visiting & Contacting Our Practice: We kindly ask that you refrain from bringing children (other than the patient) or other family members to your appointment unless necessary. Additionally, we request that you avoid arriving early and waiting in our reception area, as this is not our dedicated clinical space, but rather a shared space with other medical centre patients. At times, there may not be enough room to accommodate extra individuals, and we want to ensure that all patients have a comfortable and timely experience.We appreciate your understanding and


